feat: Enable ability to build GPU drives during image build (#1147)
kubernetes-sigs/image-builder: images/capi/ansible/roles/nvidia/README.md

# NVIDIA GPU driver installation

> To install the NVIDIA GPU driver as part of the image build process, you must have a `.run` file and `.tok` file from NVIDIA ready and available from an S3 endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the NVIDIA GPU driver as part of the image build process, you must have a `.run` file and `.tok` file from NVIDIA ready and available from an S3 endpoint.
```

> Then all you need to do is reference as part of your packer file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then all you need to do is reference those files in your packer file.
```

An example of the fields you need are defined below. Make sure to review and change any fields where required.

```json
{
  "ansible_user_vars": "nvidia_s3_url=https://s3-endpoint nvidia_bucket=nvidia nvidia_bucket_access=ACCESS_KEY nvidia_bucket_secret=SECRET_KEY nvidia_installer_location=NVIDIA-Linux-x86_64-525.85.05-grid.run nvidia_tok_location=client_configuration_token.tok gridd_feature_type=4"
  "node_custom_roles_pre": "nvidia"
}

```

The role has to be installed via the `node_custom_roles_pre` option to avoid a known issue where should a dist-upgrade install a new kernel, 
the driver won't work with it when the image is booted. This is because the DKMS hook doesn't get run due to the driver 
being installed after the kernel has been installed. To get around this, we install the driver first.

The `nvidia` custom role makes use of the `s3->load_additional_components` role so that it can fetch the items required from an S3 endpoint.

> The reasoning behind requiring an S3 endpoint was due to the fact NVIDIA will soon (July) no longer support an internal licensing server being hosted by a customer .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reasoning behind requiring an S3 endpoint was due to the fact NVIDIA will soon (July 2023) no longer support an internal licensing server being hosted by a customer.
```
